enhancement of the stylistics of the documentation and some texts (#2798)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/automated-testing/introduction-to-automated-testing.md

## The purpose(s) of automated tests

For code that you are currently writing, tests can give you immediate feedback that your code works.
In connection with *tests-first* approach (e.g., *Test-Driven Development*), tests also help you design your code because you focus on how the production code will be used before you write it.

Existing tests give you the confidence to make changes and refactoring without breaking things.
They will notify you when something previously worked no longer works and help you localize the error.

Tests can also help you when reading new code written by someone else. Tests can be seen as runnable documentation that shows how the code should be used.
High-level tests (e.g., [acceptance tests](#acceptance-tests-aka-functional-tests-or-selenium-tests)) can be used to discover how users can interact with the application.

## Rules of thumb for what should be tested

### Is the functionality critical for your business?
If the answer is yes, then you should test the feature thoroughly.

> It would be best if you wrote automatic tests for all crucial scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be best if you write automated tests for all crucial scenarios.
```
